1. make a skill that can map or work with frontend skills and design.md files, translating dom design instructions
into a properly structured UI and game visual elements
2. plan a complete redesign of unit and enemy icons, make a standaridzation of visual meanings, by color, pattern,
geometric shape, indentations, accessories, while maintaining simple geometric designs, these visuals will mean
stats and attribute approximations for the players so a proper design system needs to exist
3. start to implement skills system in the game, for each subclass reference the top three skills that exists
in arknights, and then asign them as the three skills for each subclass unit, during unit picker process players
can pick one skill to set as the active skill to be used during gameplay, we need this decision to also be stored
 in the local storage
4. open the reference stie you have collected in the phone and then use design.md creation tools to use that as
 visual language references, modern colors, modern shape but not cyberpunk
5. start to plan a non-gacha economy to acquire units and upgrade it, economy and unit upgrade is two tied topics,
try to reference arknights but remember to reference games like infinitode 2. think about adding an option to
buy multiple copies of the units' subclass and that would be the gate to start adding multiple copies of a unit,
but price increases incrementally for each copy, this will be the gate. this is not final we need to take a few
days to design the economy
6. if possible try to upgrade to phaser 4, but if it risks breaking changes then don't
7. think about monetizing the web game using gemshell to ship it on windows and linux and steam integration
8. remember to refactor the game to use modular codes and separate gameplay and views/rendering codes that
can be reusable for other games, this is a big work, so we may need to make a new branch
9. we need to make microdecisions matter to the game, we need to also ivest time on the color of the game, therefernces i have on my phone fits my visions
10. give the agent the ability to analyze actual arknights range for each subclass, maybe we build a communciation
interface to convey how range tiles are for actual subclasses or we ask opencode-vison to analyze the images
of the subclass range with proper labeling, the plan requires agent review to discover better ways to do this
